# NFT-Bond Introduction

NFT-Bond is a document that serves as proof of the amount you will have at the end of the term for a certain amount of tokens/coins that investors wish to stake for longer periods of time. It is a system that will work like the De-Fi (Decentralized Finance) version of the bond that is familiar from Ce-Fi (Centralized Finance) systems. What Bixos aims with this technology is to facilitate the UBXS (Utility Bixos Token) - BXS (Bixos Governance Token) swap and to give more trust to investors.

After staking your UBXS Tokens released to the market by the company via Bixos.io to the system, an NFT-Bond is created for the BXS that you will receive when the time expires, depending on the UBXS amount and stake duration, and you can sell this NFT-Bond if you wish. If you sell, the BXS you will receive for your stake will go to the person you sold your NFT Bond to. Whether you keep NFT-Bond or sell it; NFT Bond holders, whose investment has expired and who want to receive their BXS, will be able to receive their payments by transmitting these NFT-Bonds to the company with the relevant smart contract over the blockchain. In other words, the owner of NFT-Bond becomes the owner of the investment. In this conversion that you do easily and safely thanks to NFT-Bond technology, your UBXS Tokens are burned. At the end of the period, you can receive your BXS in the prescribed amount.

This new technology can be experienced on bixos.io and UBXS-BXS swap can be performed.\
